fix(docs): add  protoc-gen-openapiv2 to tutorial (#3075)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: docs/docs/tutorials/introduction.md

> After installing Go, use `go get` to download the following packages:

Reviewer: Lets change this as well
```suggestion
After installing Go, use `go install` to download and build the following binaries:
```

```sh

> $ go install github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway
> $ go install google.golang.org/protobuf/cmd/protoc-gen-go
> $ go install google.golang.org/grpc/cmd/protoc-gen-go-grpc

Reviewer: I believe this requires a version too
```suggestion
$ go install github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway@latest
$ go install google.golang.org/protobuf/cmd/protoc-gen-go@latest
$ go install google.golang.org/grpc/cmd/protoc-gen-go-grpc@latest
```
